[MUSIC]
So the first thing we need to do with
classes, is to
find that we want to call a class, or to
create a class.
And we do that using class keyword, and
then
we, give it, the name we wish to give it.
And in this case, I will call this person,
and then on the next
line, we put colons again to show that
we're now working in this area.
And so what we can do here is we can
give it attributes of variables, so I'll
call this one
actually no, I'll give it a definition
first init, and what
we do here is we have to pass it to self.
They'll have to parse it say gender, and
name, and these are two things
which we're going to parse in whenever we
initialize this function in this class.
And they will get parsed in automatically,
and we can do something with these,
which, is something that you should do
most of the time whenever you use it.
This sort of object orientated programming
[UNKNOWN] self.gender is equal to gender.
Now that might seem sort of trivial but
what that allows it
to do, is because self is contained within
the class, self can now
be called within any function within the
class, where if it was
gender and name, we would have to pass it
in every single time.
But because we're initializing a class
here
whenever we do initialize the class and
we parse in this data, we only want this
data to be within one class.
And that is what an object a, that is what
a class would allow us to do.
It will con, contain it within the one
object of the one instance of the class.
So, if we do self.name if you've got a
name.
And that will allow us to, again parse in
a name [UNKNOWN] wants.
So now, if I do a def, and I'll call this
one display, and all I'll
have to do is pass in a self, and all the
data is now within self.
So here, then all I need to here is do
print, and I'll do
your A,
and then I'll do self.gender.
And then I will do add your
name is self.name.
We should
have another comma there, and if we run
this, and I'm not quite ready yet.
And next what we need to do is initialize
its.
The way to do this is we create a
variable, so I'll call this one,
people
and then is equal to, I'll name it to
Person and
within these brackets we need to now pass
in gender and name.
So gender, we're going to put male, and
name is Alex.
And now if we actually run this, so if we
do people.display.
And click Run, then you'll see you get
you're a male and your name is Alex.
Which is past these two, these two
variables passed into initialization.
Which is a pre-built function, which we
have to define anyway.
And that is, whenever something is called,
and it gets initialized.
And so, whatever fables are in here, get
passed
to the 2nd, 3rd, and so on, fables within
the
within the class.
As you can see here, we've got
self.gender,
now that's something we haven't actually
seen yet before.
And that just means that,um, self is an
object, and gender is available within
that object.
So, when we're parsing self in, that
allows us to access
any of the attributes that we are
associating with this class.
So, any variable that is within the class
we can call up by doing self.gender.
Or self.name or self.whatever.
And we can also call self dot.
And we can also call functions that way.
So here we could do self.display if we
wanted
to call display within this actual class,
for whatever reason.
So if we had say a validation function or
something
we would be able to call that within
another function.
And have it process itself.
All you have to do is just put a self dot
in front of it.
So that is a quick overview of how to use
the
class attribute, or the class keyword and
how to define a class.
We'll be covering more about methods in
the
next video, and then, so I'll see you
soon.
[MUSIC]